Plane: Falisafe TYPE=X REASON=X enum references (#3228)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: plane/source/docs/apms-failsafe-function.rst

   </tbody>
   </table>

Failsafe Diagnosis in Logs or GCS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> GCSs will often display text indicating the type of failsafe encountered. Refer to this table if you failsafe displays as a TYPE=X, REASON=X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCSs will often display text indicating the type of failsafe encountered, such as "Failsafe Short event on: type=1/reason=3". Type and Reason can be determined using the table below:
```
